Dear <sponsor>,

I'm one of the founders of North Wales Tech (@northwalestech). This is a community group of volunteers based in North Wales who set out with a simple mission: to create "A Technology and Developer Community for North Wales". I lived in big cities for a number of years and very often traveled around the UK attending Open Source software conferences and was amazed by the wonderful community spirit that exists in those groups.

A number of initiatives, some University or Welsh government funded have attempted to create "tech communities" in rural North Wales before but most have fallen short of delivering what the people really wanted. Usually due to too many targets or tickboxes in the funding terms. Bangor University groups on the other hand come and go through student turnover or don't quite fit the professional community needs.

Last year a few of us decided to try again. This time I put my back into it. You can see the result on out Meetup.com page:

http://www.meetup.com/NorthWalesTech/

By opening up the topics of interest, partnering with the University and local companies where appropriate we've achieved quite a bit. Last week one or two of us spoke or helped out at TEDxHolyhead (http://www.tedxholyhead.org.uk/).

Through University connections we even ran a parallel event alongside a lecture by Prof Sir John O'Reilly in January and later this month have the famous Maker Mitch Altman of @noisebridge fame and Jimmie Rodgers from Make magazine coming to visit us.

We now find ourselves in the position where we need to better communicate our identity and purpose to the community and other organizations (sponsors in particular) to make even more amazing things happen. We have ambitions to hosts events like @emfcamp (Electromagnetic Field) or other Open Source or Maker orientated events.

We would be very interested to know if MOO can help us in any way with this. I noticed the 20% student discount hence getting in touch. We would also be very happy to incorporate the MOO logo and details on the business cards and on our website/Meetup pages if this opens up other opportunities.

Sincerely,

<your name here>

Co-Founder of North Wales Tech
